[Music]
[Applause]
[Music] The
bird searches for a mate, the fish searches for a partner.
I search for you, my love, a
pair of birds, wings together,
circling and searching for you, my friend. Searching for
Love
[Music]
Deeply,
how can I find a
true love
in this life? Who lives a lifetime of
happiness, a hundred years of love? I believe you, my dear, if you want to
marry me, you must
know the path of destiny.
We vow to be united in marriage.
Protecting the Three Jewels, living a lifetime of
happiness, a hundred years of love. I believe that is Buddhism,
we, the whole family, cherish Buddha, living a peaceful life.
[Music]
[Music] The
bird searches for a mate, the fish searches for a partner.
I search for you, my love, a hundred
years of love. Pairs of birds, wings together,
circling and searching for you, my friend. Searching for
Love
[Music] Deeply, a hundred years of love,
how can I find a true love, a hundred years of love?
Who lives a lifetime of happiness,
a hundred years of love? I
believe you, my dear.  My dear husband, when we get married, you must
know the
Buddhist path. We vow to be united in marriage,
protecting the Three Jewels, living a life of heavenly
bliss.
How can we find a soulmate for a hundred
years in this world? Who can live a life of complete
happiness and a hundred years of love? My
love, when we get married,
you must know the
Buddhist path. We vow to be united in marriage,
protecting the Three Jewels, living a life of heavenly bliss. Who can live a life of complete
happiness and a hundred years of love? You believe that we are Buddhists, our
whole family cherishes the Buddha, living a life of peace and
tranquility. Who can live a life of complete
happiness and a hundred years of love? You believe that we are
Buddhists, our whole family
cherishes the Buddha, living a life of peace and tranquility. [
Applause]
[Music]